Subtitles by explosiveskull
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Mom?
All grown up and going to prom.
But your...
Little incident?
You know I did that for you, right?
You know that, right?
I gave you a gift that day.
Today's the day that you unwrap it.
Dear Diary,
yesterday's lunchtime poll asked,
"Who at Westerburg
will you remember most?"
I want to believe the answer is
none of these people.
But we all know that's not true.
Even if I never see any of them again,
they'll all be
burned into my brain... forever.
Why is high school such a big deal?
It's just four years.
Why is it different
than any other four years?
Ms. Fleming says it's because
high school is when we decide
who we are.
Are we the jock?
The nerd?
The queen?
Whatever our choice,
we'd better make it quick.
Because soon it will be too late.
The ink is slowly drying.
The camera will flash.
The photo will be taken.
And then that's it.
That's our last chance because
no matter what we do in the future,
we will be frozen
in these poses...
forever.
-That skirt length is wrong.
-I measured at home.
Oh, no, honey,
I meant for your body type.
Enjoy your night, Driffany.
Most of us is still standing.
Let's go! Let's get in the mix!
Everyone's saying when they crown
Heather Chandler prom queen
she's gonna come out to  Amazing Grace.
I love her. She had my favorite
attempted suicide this year.
Just do it.
What's the worst that could happen?
She could say no.
Well, she'd be missing out
on a really great guy.
Okay. Okay, I'm gonna go for it.
-Hey, hey.
-Hi.
I saw your dancing, it's really cool.
So, I was wondering,
you want to dance with me?
Oh, Dylen. You're sweet and all
but I kind of have a thing going
with these three guys.
My thighs, isn't it?
Screw it.
I knew you'd make it, my dear.
What are you doing?
What am I doing?
I'm about to save Westerburg.
When that little timer goes off
it sends a spark,
setting off the fireworks
in the cafeteria ceiling.
And when those
hit my special balloons...
Boom.
Good night, Westerburg.
So, this is your big plan?
You're an asshole, JD.
Babe.
You know that old moral conundrum.
If you could go back in time
and kill teenage Hitler, would you?
Hitler? JD, what are you talking about?
Nobody up there deserves to die.
They're all goddamn kids!
Now they are.
But soon they'll be doctors and lawyers
and captains of industry.
And the virus their parents infected
them with in the form of good schools
and shiny new BMW's will spread
and spread and keep spreading
until it smothers the remaining good
left in this world.
And so, a mass suicide
will finally be the thing
that wakes people up
from their chain store, mega-church,
Wi-Fi, TV-induced slumber.
How is blowing up a bunch of teenagers
supposed to change anything, you psycho?
God, babe.
Don't you get it, Veronica?
Society nods its head at any horror
the American teenager
can bring upon itself.
Our country acts like we don't want
any more tragedies
and yet, shock of shocks,
they keep happening.
Why?
Because we want them to.
We want the tragedy.
We want the death.
I mean...
a guy walked into a kindergarten
and picked off 20 kids.
Elementary school students.
And what did the land of the free
and the home of the brave do then?
Nothing.
Because we're Americans.
And violence is just who we are.
We drink it.
No matter how hard we land on our
fainting couches every time it happens.
We fucking live for it.
But if killing kids
doesn't move the needle,
then maybe the kids
killing themselves will.
In 15 minutes,
the tragedy of Westerburg High
is going to bring an end
to American violence.
And you really believe that.
Don't you?
You and I both know the truth, Veronica.
I hear in heaven, you can eat
as much as you want.
-I want to die.
-It's not fair.
All the cool kids are in heaven
and we're stuck here.
All my friends are in heaven
and I just want to join them.
Those kids up there,
the students of Westerburg.
They're already sentenced to
a lifetime of meaninglessness.
They're going to grow old,
get fat,
and spend their whole lives
comatose on the couch.
Watching an episode of  House Hunters
on HGTV
they've already seen three times.
They're already gone.
But we can give their lives meaning.
We can help them.
No one else.
So, what do you say?
Grow up, JD.
Babe, where are you going?
I'm turning you in.
You piece of shit.
Westerburg,
let's burn this dance floor down!
Veronica,
why are you wearing red to prom?
-What? Who cares?
-I care. I told you to wear silver.
-Not now, Heather.
-Heather Duke
would never
wear my color to prom.
What did you say about Heather?
I said she would have been smart enough
to stay in her lane.
God.
Why do the good ones always have to die
and the boring, worthless ones
are left alive?
God, why are you such a mega-bitch?
Because I have to be.
Because you have to be?
Heather, there are more important things
right now than your teenage bullshit.
You saw what happened when I was gone.
Westerburg fell apart.
These people need me, Veronica.
They all want to fuck with the eagles
and guess what?
I teach them how to fly.
-Let go of me, Heather!
-You know the best part, Veronica?
Unlike you, they'll never forget me.
I don't care if Dylen Lutz
becomes President
or if Driffany Tompkins cures cancer.
No matter where they go,
no matter what they do,
no matter how high they fly,
there will always be
a small part of them
that worships at the altar
of Heather Chandler.
You think too highly
of yourself, Heather.
I seem to recall that I got so
in your head that you tried to kill me.
Doesn't get more influential than that,
does it, Veronica?
I made you so angry
that you wanted me dead.
I revel in that every day.
And Heather M?
She spent her entire life
longing for my approval.
And in the end when she couldn't cut it,
what was her final swan song?
She copied me.
And you two were the most popular kids
in school.
Just imagine what these green
text messages are capable of.
I'm already inside
everyone at Westerburg.
Like a virus.
Call it what you want.
But you and I both know that
every moment of every day,
every important decision,
every relationship,
every moral choice they ever make,
I will be there,
permanently in their heads
guiding them towards the truth that is
the Heather Chandler way.
And then their kids and their kids,
and on and on and on and on.
Because that is what power is, Veronica.
Even after you and I are both long gone.
I will live on forever.
Pulling the trigger on every decision
in their sad, lonely, pathetic lives.
Still beautiful, Heather.
Well, at least I'm not nothing.
Like you.
Dear Cruel World.
The slut table is over there.
Everyone thinks I have it so great.
I still think Heather Chandler's suicide
was better.
Heather M's felt forced.
I'm worthless.
Heather Chandler killing herself is the
best thing that's ever happened to us.
Because I'm nothing.
-She's obsessed with us.
-Of course she is, Heather.
We're the only thing
that makes her interesting.
Find me in ten minutes and then tell me
if I'm nothing, bitch.
Babe.
JD.
You're a murderer.
And a sociopath.
And you see the absolute worst
in humanity.
And you know what?
You're right.
The whole world
is going to remember
Westerburg High School.
We're gonna be the first people
to finally
do some goddamn good in this town.
Wait.
We still have 11 minutes.
Time for one last high school ritual.
A dance, Ms. Sawyer.
All right, y'all.
This next one goes out to all the good
kids at Westerburg we lost this year.
So, let's get up on the dance floor
and show them how much we miss them.
So, like, Heather McNamara gone.
Kurt, Ram gone.
Right.
Heather Duke now, right?
Did Heather Chandler die?
No, that was--
She didn't, she's good.
Yeah.
Dude.
Holy shit.
Was that Betty Finn?
Was that necessary?
Oh, my God.
Betty, you look hot.
-Oh, that hair.
-I need those boots.
-Where's JD?
-JD?
I have spent every moment
of military school
thinking about what I'm going to do
to that sick freak.
But, Betty, with this new look
you can do way better than him.
Betty Finn.
Oh, my God. You look amazing.
This?
I mean... It's not too much?
Too much? This is the first time
I've ever looked at you
and not been jealous of a blind person.
Thank you. You really like it?
Buck up, Betty. With this
new militia moment you're rocking,
everyone at Westerburg is either gonna
want you for a friend or a fuck.
Come on.
Okay. Ready to do some good?
I'm ready.
Did you hear?
Some loser freak just attacked
Jefferson High's prom
and they're saying it's the biggest
school shooting ever.
Shit.
-What do you mean "shit"?
-Did you hear?
What are you doing, JD?
What am I doing?
We have to stop the plan.
-What?
-Don't you get it, Veronica?
If we do it,
we'll be like Farrah Fawcett
dying on the same day
as Michael Jackson.
No one will care.
Some B-list little punk just ruined
the one shot the world had
at true redemption.
Listen to me, JD, I thought that this
was about us?
I thought that this was about
doing some good.
Veronica, focus,
because we don't have a lot of time.
You're just like them, aren't you?
Oh, Veronica.
You're not a rebel, JD.
And you're not a hero.
You know what you are?
You're a Heather.
All you care about
is how people see you.
All you care about is optics.
Just like them. No, I take that back.
You're worse than a Heather, JD.
Because at least the Heathers
would admit it.
Great idea to put guns in schools,
teachers.
Really saved me the hassle of having
to go through the metal detector.
You know, I really thought
you could handle me, Veronica.
But you are
just another high school girl.
Move.
You know, I have a speech prepared
for guys like you.
But you don't even deserve
my goddamn speech.
What do I deserve, babe?
To rot in hell.
Fuck it.
Damn.
Not even a warning shot?
Our whole relationship
was a warning shot.
Restart the timer.
No, think about this, Veronica, okay?
So, the timer goes off,
the balloons rain hell down
from the cafeteria ceiling
and then what?
That's how it ends now?
Sure, we off the whole school,
we offed Heather Chandler.
But what good did it do, okay?
There are Heathers everywhere,
in every town, every school,
every country in the world.
You think you talked me into this,
so now you can talk me out of it?
You know what, JD?
I'm tired of being talked at.
My entire life I've always had
someone talking at me,
telling me what I'm supposed to think
and feel and do.
My parents.
Little dead Lucy.
Heather Chandler.
And now you.
What gives you the right
to decide the conversation?
Westerburg is going down
with or without you.
And now, it will be my choice.
Shit!
I was gonna return this dress, JD.
I'm sorry, Veronica. I--
I didn't want it to be this way, okay?
You were my equal, but in order for me
to have the impact I needed,
in order for society to feel...
Blah, blah, blah.
Society.
Blah, blah, blah, corporations.
Will you shut the hell up for once?
We had it all, JD.
We had it all.
And you threw it all away
to be a statistic
in a full-of-shit effing magazine.
Babe.
That really hurt.
Is this the prom night you imagined?
I mean...
No.
But...
yeah.
We had...
We had fun while it lasted.
One last kiss?
Our love is God.
Our love was God.
I hear in heaven you can eat
as much as you want.
I want to die.
I guess...
that Veronica Sawyer...
is no longer... nothing.
-Hey, where are the teachers?
-Didn't you hear?
Heather Chandler
did a mid-prom costume change
and Ms. Fleming told her to leave
because her skirt was too short.
You need to get out of here.
Save yourself.
-Okay.
-I get what's happening here.
Principal Gowan,
this skirt is from Japan.
See, Pauline, they're just
a smaller people.
So that right there is clothing?
-Well, it's because--
-Excuse me, excuse me!
-Not now, Dylen.
-Heather, I'm trying to protect you.
I don't think Heather needs protection.
She's terrifying.
-Thank you.
-We have a problem!
Dylen, not now!
Please, this is important.
Excuse me, the rule is two inches
from the center of the knee.
Obviously, you don't teach math.
-Excuse me!
-Okay, now I'm feeling very violated
in addition to being slut-shamed.
-Please do not violate the students.
-The ruler was doing the violating.
Everyone, shut up!
I just saw Veronica Sawyer
go into the boiler room.
I followed her down there
and she and that weird guy JD
shot each other with guns.
They said they were gonna
blow up the school.
It's rigged, it's rigged! All of it,
the balloons, there's a timer.
We gotta get everybody
out of the cafeteria right now
or we're all gonna be dead as fuck!
Language like that is unacceptable,
young man.
Dylen, we're dealing
with a serious issue
and do not need to be interrupted
by your coke rants.
We have to find out where
these kids are getting the drugs.
Well, clearly from Japan.
Please, do something.
You guys are the adults.
-Dylen, go back into prom.
-No, please.
-These kids are out of control.
-Heather, your skirt is too short.
You have to leave prom.
Screw you.
Screw who?
-Who did she say "screw you" to?
-I think she's on drugs too. Heather!
Westerburg High, are you ready
to find out who your Prom Queen is?
-We'll find out on my count.
-Heather, what kind of drugs are you on?
Westerburg will pay for this.
I'm supposed to be crowned Prom Queen
and I'm not even
allowed to go back inside?
-Ten!
-Let me tell you something, teachers.
Go back to your Sunday school.
Go back to your community college.
-Go back to your condo.
-Four!
Because when
my wrath comes down on you...
Three!
...you will feel it
like the force of a thousand suns.
They will rain down and I prom--
I just wish there'd been a sign.
A warning.
-Anything so we could have stopped this.
-Well, I did my part.
I wrote a musical.
-I don't know about the rest of you.
-Excuse me, I held an assembly.
Well, don't look at me.
I said we should have a bake sale,
and you all shot me down.
Let's not beat ourselves up. There's no
sense being Monday morning quarterbacks.
It's not our fault.
Sometimes there are just crazy
lone wolves in the world.
And sometimes there's not just
one lone wolf.
Sometimes there are whole groups
of lone wolves
that decide to commit mass suicide.
We tried everything we possibly could.
Are we sure?
Something's just not adding up.
How so?
I don't know.
Maybe we should have
listened to the kids?
-When?
-Well, just now with Dylen.
The one screaming.
About the balloons or something.
-What was he saying again?
-You mean that drug addict?
I tuned him right out.
Hold on. Maybe Coach is onto something.
Could he have been trying to warn us?
Actually...
Do you think that maybe
we could have paid more attention
to all of these kids?
-Well, I guess we'll never know now.
-Yeah.
Drinks?
I'm fine.
Channel 17 news.
Can I interview you about
the Westerburg High tragedy?
You seem to be the only survivor.
Of course.
Which is why I'm calling my new
campaign, "I Am Mass Suicide."
Now tell us, survivor, we're getting
reports that the mastermind
behind the mass suicide was a student
named Veronica Sawyer.
Well, I really think
we should be focusing on the victims.
-Thank you.
-Shouldn't we get her name?
No, we'll just call her a friend
of Veronica Sawyer.
Friend of Veronica Sawyer.
This girl is nothing.
-You look great tonight.
-Thank you.
Seth, remember
when you left the stove on
and all your brothers and sisters died?
They're here, and they're hot now!
-Cool!
-Yeah.
Do you want to dance?
I thought you'd never ask.
May I cut in?
God, Heather.
Why were we so mean to each other
down there?
I don't know, Heather.
Maybe because being mean
was easier than being afraid?
Have you seen Veronica?
-Let's dance.
-Gladly.
Betty.
Heather.
You guys, it's...
It's me.
Veronica?
JD?
No, no.
No, please.
Please, let me in.
Please, let me back in.
Heather, Heather, please.
Please, Heather.
Please.
Please, Heather!
Heather!
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org